README.md, before:

# Build an Apartment
Starter project for the Udacity [VR Developer Nanodegree](http://udacity.com/vr) program.

- Course: VR Scenes & Objects
- Project: Build an Apartment


### Versions Used
- [Unity LTS Release 2017.4.15](https://unity3d.com/unity/qa/lts-releases?version=2017.4)
- [GVR SDK for Unity v1.170.0](https://github.com/googlevr/gvr-unity-sdk/releases/tag/v1.170.0)


### Directory Structure
- The Unity project is the child directory of the repository and named according to the associated lesson.
- The Unity project is 'cleaned' and includes the `Assets` folder, the `ProjectSettings` folder, and the `UnityPackageManager` folder.


### GVR SDK for Unity
- `GoogleVR` > `Demos` is not included.
- `GoogleVR` > `GVRVideoPlayer.unitypackage` is included.
- Scripts applicable to the course have been updated to reflect Unity's API change from `UnityEngine.VR` to `UnityEngine.XR`.

>**Note:** If for any reason you remove and re-import GVR SDK for Unity v1.170.0, make sure you accept any API update pop-up prompts triggered by Unity. Alternatively, you can manually run the API updater (Unity menu `Assets` > `Run API Updater...`) after the import has completed.


### Related Repositories
- [VR Scenes and Objects - Game Objects](https://github.com/udacity/VR-Scenes-and-Objects_Game-Objects/releases)
- [VR Scenes and Objects - Animations](https://github.com/udacity/VR-Scenes-and-Objects_Animations/releases)
- [VR Scenes and Objects - Cameras](https://github.com/udacity/VR-Scenes-and-Objects_Cameras/releases)
- [VR Scenes and Objects - Lights](https://github.com/udacity/VR-Scenes-and-Objects_Lights/releases)
- VR Scenes and Objects - Build an Apartment

Commit message:

updating readme file with description and tasks

README.md, after:

# Build an Apartment
Starter project for the Udacity [VR Developer Nanodegree](http://udacity.com/vr) program.

- Course: VR Scenes & Objects
- Project: Build an Apartment

### Description
- In this project, I'll create my own Apartment Scene based on 3D models and associated scripts provided by Udacity

### Tasks
- add at least 15 new models to the Apartment > it isn't recommended to use more than 50 objects
- add cardboard functionality
- player settings adjustment and first iteration
- lighting > add area, spot, directional and directional Lights
- bake lights
- change non animated objects to static
- second iteration
- create animated globe spinning 360 degrees and set trigger to stop/start animation

### Versions Used
- [Unity LTS Release 2017.4.15](https://unity3d.com/unity/qa/lts-releases?version=2017.4)
- [GVR SDK for Unity v1.170.0](https://github.com/googlevr/gvr-unity-sdk/releases/tag/v1.170.0)


### Directory Structure
- The Unity project is the child directory of the repository and named according to the associated lesson.
- The Unity project is 'cleaned' and includes the `Assets` folder, the `ProjectSettings` folder, and the `UnityPackageManager` folder.


### GVR SDK for Unity
- `GoogleVR` > `Demos` is not included.
- `GoogleVR` > `GVRVideoPlayer.unitypackage` is included.
- Scripts applicable to the course have been updated to reflect Unity's API change from `UnityEngine.VR` to `UnityEngine.XR`.

>**Note:** If for any reason you remove and re-import GVR SDK for Unity v1.170.0, make sure you accept any API update pop-up prompts triggered by Unity. Alternatively, you can manually run the API updater (Unity menu `Assets` > `Run API Updater...`) after the import has completed.


### Related Repositories
- [VR Scenes and Objects - Game Objects](https://github.com/udacity/VR-Scenes-and-Objects_Game-Objects/releases)
- [VR Scenes and Objects - Animations](https://github.com/udacity/VR-Scenes-and-Objects_Animations/releases)
- [VR Scenes and Objects - Cameras](https://github.com/udacity/VR-Scenes-and-Objects_Cameras/releases)
- [VR Scenes and Objects - Lights](https://github.com/udacity/VR-Scenes-and-Objects_Lights/releases)
- VR Scenes and Objects - Build an Apartment
